                Practical Assignment : Set I (HTML and CSS )

1. Write HTML programs to display the message “Welcome to Web Technology”

2. Write HTML programs to display word “HTML” in size of h1 to h6

3. Write HTML script to display the text in bold, italic, underline and with strike. Apply separate effect on 
    different text.

4. Write HTML programs to display : H2O and A 2 + B 2 = C 2

5. Write HTML script that will use image as a background.

6. Create an html page with following specifications :
    a. Title should be about “My City”
    b. Place your City name at the top of the page in large text and in red color
    c. Add names and images (as a link) of landmarks in your city each in a different color, style and typeface .
    d. After clicking on images it should display history of that place.

7. Write HTML code to display following output.
     Tea
      o Hot tea
      o Black tea
     Coffee
         Cold coffee
         Hot coffee
8. Write HTML code to display the list of different courses available in our college using ordered as well as 
    unordered list.
9. Design a table which shows weekly time table of a specific class.

10. Divide a screen in four equal part . Each frame shows : list of different activities conducted by your department.

11. Design a admission form. which should contains : text box, multiline text box, a table which shows your academic 
    record, radio button, check box, submit button etc.

12. Write inline CSS program to display with background color pink with red colored text.

13. Write internal CSS program to display with background color black with white colored text.

14. Write external CSS program to display with background color sky blue with blue colored text.

15. Write CSS using HTML which uses of text decoration, border, padding and margin.

16. Write CSS using HTML which displays following output

17. Write CSS using HTML which displays following output
    List Property in CSS
    Unordered lists
      o Coffee
      o Tea
      o Milk
       Apple
       Mango
       Banana
       Watermelon
    Ordered list
      I. Rose
      II. Jasmine
      III. Marigold
      a. Sunflower
      b. Tulip
      c. Lily
      d. Tuberose

18.Write CSS using HTML which displays following output

19. Write CSS using HTML which displays following output : use image property

20. Write CSS using HTML which displays following output

21. Write CSS using HTML which displays following output : Use of Id and classes in CSS

22. Write CSS using HTML which displays following output : Use of <div> and <span> in CSS
The < span > element !
I have a Red rose and dark Chocolate.
